Design theory and organizing information so that it's presentable is important.  
The difference of a website with a good design and a poor design will make or break businesses.  

## Things to focus on:  
#### Who is the site for?  
- Companies or people?  
- Men or women?  
- Urban or rural?  
- Boomers or people who can use the internet?  
#### Why are people visiting the site?  
- Goal or entertainment?  
- Is this a luxury or necessity?  
- General research or specifics?  
#### What is your site trying to achieve?  
#### What information do the people need?
- Does something need to be more accessible?  
- Are people familiar with this topic?  
- Important features?  
#### How often will people visit?  

*Site Maps* - diagram of pages that are used to structure a site  
*Card sorting* - Technique placing each piece of infomration that someone might need to know on a piece of paper and organizing them into groups.  
*Wireframes* - Sketch of the key information that needs to go on each page of a site.  
- Does not include color scheme, font choices, backgrounds or images. Mainly for use of "where things will go"  
- Makes design easier  
- Good to show wireframes before design to customers, helps with selling what you need sold  

### Visual Hierarchy  
- Size - good for grabbing attention, large fonts, etc  
- Color - Foreground and background color to draw to key messages  
- Style - elements and themes to pull different styles  

## HTML5 and why this even has a section  
Seriously, the book is just going to be the go-to at every point, but there is some useful things in here.  
- Page 442  
    Helping older browsers understand  
This is basically it though. If I was a gambling man, and I am, I would guess that I need this bit to include in other sites to help them incorporate HTML5 (if we use this) in our completed work.  
